Allow ACME TLS challenge passthrough when no TLS resolvers (#10981)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/routing/entrypoints.md

    Full details for how to specify `address` can be found in [net.Listen](https://golang.org/pkg/net/#Listen) (and [net.Dial](https://golang.org/pkg/net/#Dial)) of the doc for go.

### AllowACMEByPass

_Optional, Default=false_

`allowACMEByPass` determines whether a user defined router can handle ACME TLS or HTTP challenges instead of the Traefik dedicated one.
This option can be used when a Traefik instance has one or more certificate resolvers configured,
but is also used to route challenges connections/requests to services that could also initiate their own ACME challenges.

??? info "No Certificate Resolvers configured"

>     When no certificate resolver is defined Traefik allows handling ACME TLS or HTTP challenges with user defined routers.

Author: ```suggestion
    It is not necessary to use the `allowACMEByPass' option certificate 
option if no certificate resolver is defined.
    In fact, Traefik will automatically allow ACME TLS or HTTP requests to be handled by custom routers in this case, since there can be no concurrency with its own challenge handlers.
```
